BD-2875 Add Show archived content (#6983)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/administrative/access_braze/global_search.md

--->

### Filter for archived content

> You can include archived content in your search results by toggling on **Show Archived Content**. By default, the toggle is off and archived content isn't included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can include archived content in your search results by selecting **Show Archived Content**. By default, the toggle is off, and archived content isn't included.
```
